README.md, before:

# [AdminFlex](https://adminflex-home-1bh90z.netlify.app/)
The eighth project from Juan Pablo's course of [CSS Grid and Flexbox](https://www.udemy.com/course/css-grid-y-flexbox-la-guia-definitiva-crea-10-proyectos/).

> **Important:** Because the kind of project this is, I prefered to have a minimum inline-size of 1060px in order to avoid unwanted layouts in smaller viewport widths. Smaller ones would have required more complex code, code that'll be added in the future, but by now it's only available for +1060px screens.

> **Disclaimer:** I'm starting to learn how to use **Git/Github** correctly, therefore there'll be plenty of pull requests, commits and other stuff as tests in this repository, however, *this won't represent my way of working forever*, I'll learn more things along the way as always :D!.

## Table of contents
* [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
* [Lectures](#lectures)
* [Preview](#preview)
    - [Dark-mode](#dark-mode)
* [Reports](#reports)
    - [GTmetrix](#gtmetrix)
    - [Lighthouse](#lighthouse)
* [Open Graph](#open-graph)
    - [Facebook](#facebook)
    - [Twitter](#twitter)

## What I learned 🎨
* First I'd like to say that I was reading a bit more since the last project about the use cases of alternative text on images and due to that I left the alt property on the open-graph elements empty because I consider they're unnecessary, they're not giving any important context, the open-graph cards make sense with or without the alt text, therefore, it's better to omit them.

* I added the Netlify basic configuration for a dinamic formulario with reCAPTCHA included, this is something I've already tried in another projects and is very useful because you can receive the information of the forms without having to add anything out of HTML attributes. For more information [check this out](https://docs.netlify.com/forms/setup/).

* This time I learned how to remove an upstream repository from Git by using the **git remote** command followed by the **rm** flag and the upstream you'd like to remove, e.g. **origin**.

> **Important:** recently I've starting to learn more about Git thanks to a book that I bought a few days ago, if everything goes well I'll master Git in the months coming, at least I hope so.

* I had a few issues trying to set up the formulario with Netlify due to the data isn't received as wished in the administration panel, the checkbox section is the only one that's being received which is weird because the structure of the form is practically the same in comparation with other projects where I've used the [Netlify forms feature](https://docs.netlify.com/forms/setup/). By now I've not found any solution to it but I'll keep seeking.

* I added the [**prefers-color-scheme**](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-color-scheme) feature for dark-mode by making a little changes in the lightness of the main colors in the layout, I didn't use the light-mode due to in most of the cases when dark-mode isn't specified light-mode is used instead (implicitly) and viceversa, therefore the default colors that I'm using are already the light ones.

> **Note:** I didn't try to change the colors directly from the variables because there are some components where the change of lightness isn't as accurate as wished, therefore it's better to modif each individual case where the dark-mode looks good.

## Lectures 📚
- [Alternative Text](https://webaim.org/techniques/alttext/)
- [Git removing upstream from local respository](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19801455/git-removing-upstream-from-local-repository)
- [Prefers-color-scheme](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-color-scheme)

## Preview 👩‍💻
![](readme/screenshot.png)

### Dark-mode
![](readme/darkMode.png)

## Reports 🎯

### GTmetrix
![](readme/gtmetrix.png)

### Lighthouse
![](readme/lighthouse.png)

## Open Graph 🃏

### Facebook
![](readme/facebook.png)

### Twitter
![](readme/twitter.png)

Commit message:

Add the prefers-reduced-motion feature
Remove most of the transitions when the user has
specified to don't allow animations or any by using
the prefers-reduced-motion feature

README.md, after:

# [AdminFlex](https://adminflex-home-1bh90z.netlify.app/)
The eighth project from Juan Pablo's course of [CSS Grid and Flexbox](https://www.udemy.com/course/css-grid-y-flexbox-la-guia-definitiva-crea-10-proyectos/).

> **Important:** Because the kind of project this is, I prefered to have a minimum inline-size of 1060px in order to avoid unwanted layouts in smaller viewport widths. Smaller ones would have required more complex code, code that'll be added in the future, but by now it's only available for +1060px screens.

> **Disclaimer:** I'm starting to learn how to use **Git/Github** correctly, therefore there'll be plenty of pull requests, commits and other stuff as tests in this repository, however, *this won't represent my way of working forever*, I'll learn more things along the way as always :D!.

## Table of contents
* [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
* [Lectures](#lectures)
* [Preview](#preview)
    - [Dark-mode](#dark-mode)
* [Reports](#reports)
    - [GTmetrix](#gtmetrix)
    - [Lighthouse](#lighthouse)
* [Open Graph](#open-graph)
    - [Facebook](#facebook)
    - [Twitter](#twitter)

## What I learned 🎨
* First I'd like to say that I was reading a bit more since the last project about the use cases of alternative text on images and due to that I left the alt property on the open-graph elements empty because I consider they're unnecessary, they're not giving any important context, the open-graph cards make sense with or without the alt text, therefore, it's better to omit them.

* I added the Netlify basic configuration for a dinamic formulario with reCAPTCHA included, this is something I've already tried in another projects and is very useful because you can receive the information of the forms without having to add anything out of HTML attributes. For more information [check this out](https://docs.netlify.com/forms/setup/).

* This time I learned how to remove an upstream repository from Git by using the **git remote** command followed by the **rm** flag and the upstream you'd like to remove, e.g. **origin**.

> **Important:** recently I've starting to learn more about Git thanks to a book that I bought a few days ago, if everything goes well I'll master Git in the months coming, at least I hope so.

* I had a few issues trying to set up the formulario with Netlify due to the data isn't received as wished in the administration panel, the checkbox section is the only one that's being received which is weird because the structure of the form is practically the same in comparation with other projects where I've used the [Netlify forms feature](https://docs.netlify.com/forms/setup/). By now I've not found any solution to it but I'll keep seeking.

* I added the [**prefers-color-scheme**](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-color-scheme) feature for dark-mode by making a little changes in the lightness of the main colors in the layout, I didn't use the light-mode due to in most of the cases when dark-mode isn't specified light-mode is used instead (implicitly) and viceversa, therefore the default colors that I'm using are already the light ones.

> **Note:** I didn't try to change the colors directly from the variables because there are some components where the change of lightness isn't as accurate as wished, therefore it's better to modif each individual case where the dark-mode looks good.

* [**Prefers-reduced-motion**](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-reduced-motion) was also used in this project in order to put into practice more useful features that may start to have more relevancy in coming years.

> **Important:** even when I tried to include both **prefers-color-scheme** and **prefers-reduced-motion**, there weren't too much oportunities where to use them more in deep, but I'll try to include more these feature in future and past projects anyways.

## Lectures 📚
- [Alternative Text](https://webaim.org/techniques/alttext/)
- [Git removing upstream from local respository](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19801455/git-removing-upstream-from-local-repository)
- [Prefers-color-scheme](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-color-scheme)
- [Prefers-reduced-motion](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-reduced-motion)

## Preview 👩‍💻
![](readme/screenshot.png)

### Dark-mode
![](readme/darkMode.png)

## Reports 🎯

### GTmetrix
![](readme/gtmetrix.png)

### Lighthouse
![](readme/lighthouse.png)

## Open Graph 🃏

### Facebook
![](readme/facebook.png)

### Twitter
![](readme/twitter.png)
